in this sample
joel madden or mount 18 points that are
the multiples of 3 that are needed
whenever this stitch is done more 3
necessary points so that it remains
perfectly square the design of the
little stars
forward some careers like so that
you see how they come out but we're going to
to realize that this is what I just
to mount it in maillard my 18 points and
let's start it in race number 1
let's do it very slowly step by step
the stitch is not reversible it comes out
only on the right side
we started race number 1 and we do
2 rights
two rights one loop
three rights one
two
and three rights below
I look for the first point of the three points
that I just did to the mixed right and
he passed it over the other two
there it is like that
and loose
and a loop
again
a right two rights
three rights
it passed over the two points
knits in right stitch
the first point was spent see the threads
loose
is the lazada and this little piece of
three points is the whole design of the
stitch on the right side we're going to
repeat it again
one
two
three points in right point
as the first of the three points that
I have you and passed it over the others
two a loop 1
two
as the first
of the three points he passed over
the other two
a loop 1
23 knits in right stitch
I take the first steps on the
two others
I loose them and I finish my line number 1
with 1 point in right point the race
number 2 is done all in a reverse point
let's see you remember how it is
the first point backwards all upside down
I pass the thread over the needle
I enter the needle I stack the strand about
the needle and the whole career took off
does exactly the same
I finished the race number two them
I remember in reverse all the
races that are even points we're going to
start race number three as what
we make a right
three points at a right point
2 and 3 and we do the same as in the first
race we passed the first point about
the other 2
laced
I leave one
yew 2
Yew 3
I already return the first one over the other two
the yew saga 12
step the first over the other two
they must constantly be counting the
points so that they are not going to be wrong
and they will lose a point or a loop
because they would damage the stitch 1
two
the steps lazada 1 2 and 3 was my last
design I do the same as all the returned
Y
the loose
a loop I finish my line with that with
two points at a right point
the next race is on the side of the
backwards therefore it touches me all in
a reverse point I finished the race number
four on the wrong side of the fabric
and last of the design if you have
a doubt if there is something that did not fit
Clearly visit my page how to weave
dotcom and there you will find all the
written instructions as I told them of
this and all the stitches that I take